#
#    File: Apple   (Bloat / Push Notifications)
# Updated: 7/20/2020  10:06  (10:06 AM)  - Central Standard Time
# Creator: ShadowWhisperer  (Sean H.)
#
#     Git: git clone https://github.com/ShadowWhisperer/BlockLists.git
#    Wget: wget --show-progress https://codeload.github.com/ShadowWhisperer/BlockLists/zip/master
#

captive.apple.com                    # Captive Portal - Looks For Wifi Login
attwifi.apple.com                    # Captive Portal - Looks For Wifi Login

aolauth.icloud.com                   # App - AIM
aolauthtest.icloud.com               # App - AIM
apfw.apple.com                       # App - AirPort Utility
apsu.apple.com                       # App - AirPort Utility
wu-calculator.apple.com              # App - Calculator
guzzoni.apple.com                    # App - Siri
wu-stocks.apple.com                  # App - Stocks
qtpartners.apple.com                 # App - Quicktime
qtsoftware.apple.com                 # App - Quicktime
quicktimepro.apple.com               # App - Quicktime

pancake.apple.com                    # Authorization for Home Sharing
pancake.cdn-apple.com.akadns.net     # Authorization for Home Sharing

smoot.apple.com                      # Spotlight Suggestions

courier-push-apple-com.akadns.net          # Push Notification Service
courier-sandbox-push-apple.com.akadns.net  # Push Notification Service
push-apple.com.akadns.net                  # Push Notification Service
push-apple.com                             # Push Notification Service
push.apple.com                             # Push Notification Service
us-courier.apple.com.akadns.net            # Push Notification Service

fmip.me.com                          # Find My iPhone
p01-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p02-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p03-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p04-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p05-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p06-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p07-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p08-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p09-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p10-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p11-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p12-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p13-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p14-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p15-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p16-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p17-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p18-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p19-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p20-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p21-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p22-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p23-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p24-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p25-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p26-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p27-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p28-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p29-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p30-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p31-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p32-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p33-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p34-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p35-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p36-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p37-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p38-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p39-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p40-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p41-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p42-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p43-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p44-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p45-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p46-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p47-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p48-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p49-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p50-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p51-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p52-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p53-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p54-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p55-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p56-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p57-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p58-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p59-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p60-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p61-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p62-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p63-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p64-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p65-fmip.icloud.com                  # Find My iPhone
p1-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p2-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p3-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p4-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p5-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p6-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p7-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p8-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p9-fmipmobile.icloud.com             # Find My iPhone
p10-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p11-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p12-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p13-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p14-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p15-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p16-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p17-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p18-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p19-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p20-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p21-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p22-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p23-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p24-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p25-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p26-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p27-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p28-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p29-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p30-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p31-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p32-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p33-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p34-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p35-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p36-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p37-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p38-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p39-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p40-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p41-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p42-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p43-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p44-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p45-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p46-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p47-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p48-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p49-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p50-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p51-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p52-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p53-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p54-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p55-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p56-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p57-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p58-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p59-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p60-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p61-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p62-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p63-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p64-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone
p65-fmipmobile.icloud.com            # Find My iPhone

p01-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p02-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p03-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p04-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p05-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p06-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p07-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p09-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p10-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p11-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p12-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p13-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p14-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p15-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p16-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p17-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p18-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p19-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p20-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p21-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p22-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p23-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p24-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p25-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p26-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p27-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p28-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p29-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p30-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p31-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p32-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p33-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p34-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p35-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p36-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p37-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p38-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p39-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p40-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p41-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p42-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p43-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p44-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p45-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p46-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p47-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p48-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p49-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p50-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p51-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p52-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p53-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p54-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p55-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p56-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p57-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p58-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p59-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p60-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p61-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p62-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p63-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p64-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p65-fmfmobile.icloud.com     # Find My Friends
p1-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p2-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p3-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p4-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p5-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p6-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p7-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p8-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p9-fmf.icloud.com            # Find My Friends
p10-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p11-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p12-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p13-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p14-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p15-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p16-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p17-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p18-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p19-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p20-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p21-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p22-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p23-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p24-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p25-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p26-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p27-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p28-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p29-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p30-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p31-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p32-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p33-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p34-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p35-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p36-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p37-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p38-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p39-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p40-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p41-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p42-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p43-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p44-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p45-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p46-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p47-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p48-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p49-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p50-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p51-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p52-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p53-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p54-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p55-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p56-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p57-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p58-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p59-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p60-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p61-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p62-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p63-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p64-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
p65-fmf.icloud.com           # Find My Friends
